I'm Connie to be and this is open house
Chicago this week east meets west as we
take a trip to the Golden Triangle this
is a way that you can use Chinese design
principles of yin and yang George comes
to the rescue for a family trying to
make ends meet after an awful house fire
Lori we're here to rescue you in
designer living Amy where chutney shows
off a one-of-a-kind home in hinsdale
welcome to open house Chicago whether
you're buying selling redesigning or
just dreaming we've got you covered
today I'm coming to you from the 2011
dream home at the merchandise mart this
exhibition is the marks annual showcase
of Chicago design talent each year the
city's best are asked to create a room
that reflects their individual style
right now I'm in this stunning FOIA
created by Julia Buckingham Adelman of
Buckingham interiors and design
throughout the program will preview a
few of the rooms and tell you how you
can visit dream home a little later in
the show now on today's tips of the
trade we're getting advice on
asian-influenced design by taking a trip
to the golden shrine time for a break
but still ahead on square feet I look
inside this historic landmark estate in
the south loop and later George tackles
the large task of rescuing an entire
house after a devastating fire welcome
back to open house Chicago I'm at the
2011 dream home inside the merchandise
mart we've moved into this colorful and
eclectic living room designed by Scott
Kimmel and Michael Henning of Scott
Himmel architects now on square feet we
head to a new South Loop listing once
owned by marshall field's jr. this
landmark building along prairie and
nineteenth Street is now six condos
let's watch as owner Hermine takes us
through her gorgeous penthouse unit
coming up on the program more innovative
interiors to show off
welcome back to open house Chicago we
transition to the kitchen arguably the
busiest area of any home this dream home
kitchen was created by shauna Dylan who
was inspired by those wanting a
functional yet modern space to cook and
convene like Shawna Chicago and a mere
attempt knee is known for her sleek and
sophisticated interiors today Amy shares
how she uses contrasting hues and
out-of-the-box ideas for a client's home
in hinsdale still become on open house
we tour in fact welcome back to open
house chicago i'm connie to be inside
this amazing dream home dining room it
features both American and European
accessories and was inspired by interior
designer Franklin Theriot now we head
north to the suburbs for a look at this
majestic estate in lake forest after the
break on open al Chicago one two three
oh my god when open house continues
welcome back to open house we have moved
outdoors and into this contemporary
seating area created by one design group
and now it's time for a rescue George
helps a family rebuild after a
devastating fire ruined their home nice
job George well that's it for this
episode of open house Chicago don't
forget to check out the 2011 dream home
now open through December ninth for more
info log on to merchandise mart design
center calm / dream homes i'm connie to
be thanks for stopping by